Low carbohydrate diets have been linked to reduced longevity – except for when dieters ditch the steak for plant-based alternatives.
低碳水化合物饮食一直与寿命减少有关——除非奉行者放弃牛排而选择植物类的替代品。

An analysis of data from 15,400 people in the US has found a U-shaped relationship between mortality and carbohydrate intake. The study found that the people who lived longest tended to be those who got around 50 to 55 per cent of their energy intake from carbohydrates. At the age of 50, such people could expect to live a further 33 years.
美国的一项基于15400人的研究发现死亡率与碳水化合物摄入量之间呈U型关系。该研究发现，碳水化合物摄入量占热量摄入的50-55%的人往往最长寿。在五十岁时，该人群预期还可以多活33年。

This is one year longer than people who get 70 per cent or more of their energy from carbs, and four years longer than people get less than 30 per cent of their calories from carbohydrates.
他们比碳水化合物摄入量占热量摄入的70%及以上的人多活一年，比碳水化合物摄入量占热量摄入的30%及以下的人多活四年。

Sara Seidelmann, at Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston, and her colleagues wondered if the types of fat and protein people eat on low-carb diets might contribute to reduced longevity.
波士顿布莱根妇女医院（Brigham and Women’s Hospital）的萨拉·塞德曼（Sara Seidelmann）以及她的同事想知道是否低碳水化合物饮食中的脂类和蛋白质的种类导致了寿命缩短。

Diving into the data, they found that when people replaced carbs with meat such as lamb, pork, beef and chicken – typical for low carb dieters in Europe and the US — their mortality increased.
在深入研究数据后，她们发现当人们将碳水化合物替换为例如牛羊猪鸡的肉类时（欧洲和美国的低碳水化合物饮食者的典型风格），他们的死亡率上升了。

Plant proteins
植物蛋白

But the opposite was true for those who instead ate plant-based sources of protein and fat such as legumes, vegetables and nuts. “The more you exchange plant-based fats and proteins for carbohydrates, the more the risk lowers,” says Seidelmann.
但是对于将碳水化合物替换为豆类、蔬菜和坚果等植物蛋白质和植物脂肪的人来说，结果恰恰相反。“植物性脂肪和蛋白质替换的碳水化合物越多，风险越小。”萨拉·塞德曼如是说。

The team think that the increased mortality of a low carb, high meat diet is due to lower intake of fruit and vegetables, and the harmful effects of animal proteins and fats on the body’s inflammation and oxidative stress systems.
其团队认为，低碳水化合物高脂肪饮食导致的死亡率增长是由于蔬菜水果的摄入量减少，同时动物蛋白和动物脂肪对人体的炎症和氧化应激系统【1】产生有害影响。

“If you are going to choose a very low carbohydrate diet as a way to lose weight or as an eating pattern, it’s very important that you are mindful to replace carbohydrate with more plant-based food,” says Seidelmann.
“如果您打算选择极低碳水化合物饮食作为减肥方法或饮食方式，那么注意用更多植物类食品来代替碳水化合物是很重要的。”塞德曼如是说。 

As for those who eat a lot of carbs, their death rates may be higher due to metabolic problems associated with eating large amounts of refined carbohydrates, such as white rice and bread.
对于那些摄入大量碳水化合物的人，他们的更高的死亡率可能与摄入大量精制碳水化合物（例如白米饭和面包等）导致的新陈代谢问题有关。

注【1】：氧化应激是体内自由基和抗氧化剂之间的不平衡。当存在的自由基多于抗氧化剂所能保持的平衡时，自由基就会开始对身体造成损害。
